this is my reactor core pop that inside
my nuclear plant inside the model I've
put some reactive metal to simulate the
zirconium and if I add some acid it will
start producing hydrogen gas in much the
same way and I've recreated their
problem now already that's getting
dangerously high which leaves me in a
very similar position to the Japanese
were I've got to release the pressure in
there because the worst-case scenario is
there that reactor vessel bursts due to
the pressure build up inside it the
workers at Fukushima had avoided the
worst-case scenario the huge reactor
core itself bursting under pressure and
spraying superheated nuclear material
out but some of the gases they released
into the chimney flowed back into the
building and created a new danger that
gas are vented off is hydrogen and when
that mixes with air and comes into
contact with any kind of spark you've
got a potentially explosive situation
[Music]
dramatic and powerful as a hydrogen
explosion is it really is just rapidly
burning gas and it's reassuring to know
that even with a horrendous natural
disaster there are enough control
measures built into the plant but
engineers could prevent excess pressure
from bursting the actual reactor itself
and more importantly the materials used
in nuclear power mean that these places
can never become nuclear bombs
you